This is our interest. If you want to follow Dong Luo, you have to get used to punishment.
Yelitan people, I am willing to give everything for Dongwang.
Unexpectedly, after canceling the seal, he actually became the dog of Poseidong.com.
Whether, if you are the host, you should be nominated as a minor,
Put a life on the pin.
If one of them dies, I will never lose to him again.
Let’s go check it all out tomorrow, this wave of Saidong.com,
What kind of trick is this?
The Chamber of Commerce has been cancelled, Eye,
We only have the opportunity to make friends with the whole country,
Stay in this long meeting today,
You must strive for success, stop talking, I understand.
If we don't collapse in six laps
Today I'm going to break their house shoes
give them a shamawe
Only in this way will they be obedient.